Verify existed logs
theta: 0.01  num of samples: 2  num of true: 1  result: True
theta: 0.02  num of samples: 12  num of true: 3  result: True
theta: 0.03  num of samples: 10  num of true: 5  result: True
theta: 0.04  num of samples: 25  num of true: 7  result: True
theta: 0.05  num of samples: 31  num of true: 9  result: True
theta: 0.06  num of samples: 29  num of true: 10  result: True
theta: 0.07  num of samples: 30  num of true: 12  result: True
theta: 0.08  num of samples: 34  num of true: 14  result: True
theta: 0.09  num of samples: 33  num of true: 15  result: True
theta: 0.10  num of samples: 63  num of true: 20  result: True
theta: 0.11  num of samples: 58  num of true: 21  result: True
theta: 0.12  num of samples: 79  num of true: 25  result: True
theta: 0.13  num of samples: 66  num of true: 26  result: True
theta: 0.14  num of samples: 59  num of true: 26  result: True
theta: 0.15  num of samples: 92  num of true: 33  result: True
theta: 0.16  num of samples: 126  num of true: 40  result: True
theta: 0.17  num of samples: 98  num of true: 38  result: True
theta: 0.18  num of samples: 75  num of true: 36  result: True
theta: 0.19  num of samples: 114  num of true: 45  result: True
theta: 0.20  num of samples: 119  num of true: 48  result: True
theta: 0.21  num of samples: 95  num of true: 45  result: True
theta: 0.22  num of samples: 169  num of true: 63  result: True
theta: 0.23  num of samples: 141  num of true: 59  result: True
theta: 0.24  num of samples: 219  num of true: 80  result: True
theta: 0.25  num of samples: 224  num of true: 84  result: True
theta: 0.26  num of samples: 210  num of true: 83  result: True
theta: 0.27  num of samples: 244  num of true: 95  result: True
theta: 0.28  num of samples: 215  num of true: 90  result: True
theta: 0.29  num of samples: 326  num of true: 125  result: True
theta: 0.30  num of samples: 333  num of true: 131  result: True
theta: 0.31  num of samples: 339  num of true: 137  result: True
theta: 0.32  num of samples: 381  num of true: 154  result: True
theta: 0.33  num of samples: 498  num of true: 197  result: True
theta: 0.34  num of samples: 655  num of true: 256  result: True
theta: 0.35  num of samples: 617  num of true: 250  result: True
theta: 0.36  num of samples: 1115  num of true: 428  result: True
theta: 0.37  num of samples: 1105  num of true: 438  result: True
theta: 0.38  num of samples: 610  num of true: 267  result: True
Lack of simulation logs: 2000
theta: 0.39  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 787  result: False
Lack of simulation logs: 2000
theta: 0.40  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 787  result: False
theta: 0.41  num of samples: 1097  num of true: 456  result: True
theta: 0.42  num of samples: 905  num of true: 344  result: False
Lack of simulation logs: 2000
theta: 0.43  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 787  result: False
Lack of simulation logs: 2000
theta: 0.44  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 787  result: False
theta: 0.45  num of samples: 386  num of true: 137  result: False
theta: 0.46  num of samples: 576  num of true: 228  result: False
theta: 0.47  num of samples: 738  num of true: 310  result: False
theta: 0.48  num of samples: 273  num of true: 94  result: False
theta: 0.49  num of samples: 727  num of true: 319  result: False
theta: 0.50  num of samples: 450  num of true: 188  result: False
theta: 0.51  num of samples: 310  num of true: 121  result: False
theta: 0.52  num of samples: 315  num of true: 127  result: False
theta: 0.53  num of samples: 190  num of true: 64  result: False
theta: 0.54  num of samples: 229  num of true: 87  result: False
theta: 0.55  num of samples: 201  num of true: 74  result: False
theta: 0.56  num of samples: 217  num of true: 85  result: False
theta: 0.57  num of samples: 195  num of true: 75  result: False
theta: 0.58  num of samples: 257  num of true: 113  result: False
theta: 0.59  num of samples: 222  num of true: 95  result: False
theta: 0.60  num of samples: 169  num of true: 66  result: False
theta: 0.61  num of samples: 181  num of true: 75  result: False
theta: 0.62  num of samples: 148  num of true: 57  result: False
theta: 0.63  num of samples: 130  num of true: 47  result: False
theta: 0.64  num of samples: 152  num of true: 63  result: False
theta: 0.65  num of samples: 200  num of true: 96  result: False
theta: 0.66  num of samples: 143  num of true: 61  result: False
theta: 0.67  num of samples: 104  num of true: 37  result: False
theta: 0.68  num of samples: 89  num of true: 28  result: False
theta: 0.69  num of samples: 91  num of true: 31  result: False
theta: 0.70  num of samples: 150  num of true: 74  result: False
theta: 0.71  num of samples: 81  num of true: 27  result: False
theta: 0.72  num of samples: 83  num of true: 30  result: False
theta: 0.73  num of samples: 83  num of true: 31  result: False
theta: 0.74  num of samples: 71  num of true: 24  result: False
theta: 0.75  num of samples: 64  num of true: 20  result: False
theta: 0.76  num of samples: 59  num of true: 18  result: False
theta: 0.77  num of samples: 63  num of true: 22  result: False
theta: 0.78  num of samples: 66  num of true: 26  result: False
theta: 0.79  num of samples: 88  num of true: 45  result: False
theta: 0.80  num of samples: 59  num of true: 23  result: False
theta: 0.81  num of samples: 58  num of true: 24  result: False
theta: 0.82  num of samples: 54  num of true: 22  result: False
theta: 0.83  num of samples: 35  num of true: 8  result: False
theta: 0.84  num of samples: 45  num of true: 18  result: False
theta: 0.85  num of samples: 45  num of true: 19  result: False
theta: 0.86  num of samples: 36  num of true: 13  result: False
theta: 0.87  num of samples: 31  num of true: 10  result: False
theta: 0.88  num of samples: 29  num of true: 10  result: False
theta: 0.89  num of samples: 27  num of true: 9  result: False
theta: 0.90  num of samples: 24  num of true: 8  result: False
theta: 0.91  num of samples: 21  num of true: 7  result: False
theta: 0.92  num of samples: 30  num of true: 16  result: False
theta: 0.93  num of samples: 19  num of true: 8  result: False
theta: 0.94  num of samples: 17  num of true: 7  result: False
theta: 0.95  num of samples: 10  num of true: 2  result: False
theta: 0.96  num of samples: 11  num of true: 5  result: False
theta: 0.97  num of samples: 5  num of true: 0  result: False
theta: 0.98  num of samples: 3  num of true: 0  result: False
theta: 0.99  num of samples: 2  num of true: 1  result: False

Verify with simulator
theta: 0.01  num of samples: 7  num of true: 1  result: True
theta: 0.02  num of samples: 4  num of true: 3  result: True
theta: 0.03  num of samples: 13  num of true: 5  result: True
theta: 0.04  num of samples: 11  num of true: 6  result: True
theta: 0.05  num of samples: 30  num of true: 9  result: True
theta: 0.06  num of samples: 41  num of true: 11  result: True
theta: 0.07  num of samples: 34  num of true: 12  result: True
theta: 0.08  num of samples: 61  num of true: 16  result: True
theta: 0.09  num of samples: 40  num of true: 16  result: True
theta: 0.10  num of samples: 45  num of true: 18  result: True
theta: 0.11  num of samples: 49  num of true: 20  result: True
theta: 0.12  num of samples: 43  num of true: 21  result: True
theta: 0.13  num of samples: 70  num of true: 26  result: True
theta: 0.14  num of samples: 66  num of true: 27  result: True
theta: 0.15  num of samples: 80  num of true: 31  result: True
theta: 0.16  num of samples: 76  num of true: 32  result: True
theta: 0.17  num of samples: 80  num of true: 35  result: True
theta: 0.18  num of samples: 100  num of true: 40  result: True
theta: 0.19  num of samples: 99  num of true: 42  result: True
theta: 0.20  num of samples: 102  num of true: 44  result: True
theta: 0.21  num of samples: 130  num of true: 52  result: True
theta: 0.22  num of samples: 157  num of true: 60  result: True
theta: 0.23  num of samples: 125  num of true: 55  result: True
theta: 0.24  num of samples: 194  num of true: 74  result: True
theta: 0.25  num of samples: 169  num of true: 70  result: True
theta: 0.26  num of samples: 190  num of true: 78  result: True
theta: 0.27  num of samples: 236  num of true: 93  result: True
theta: 0.28  num of samples: 163  num of true: 76  result: True
theta: 0.29  num of samples: 230  num of true: 97  result: True
theta: 0.30  num of samples: 243  num of true: 104  result: True
theta: 0.31  num of samples: 366  num of true: 145  result: True
theta: 0.32  num of samples: 249  num of true: 112  result: True
theta: 0.33  num of samples: 361  num of true: 152  result: True
theta: 0.34  num of samples: 328  num of true: 145  result: True
theta: 0.35  num of samples: 752  num of true: 297  result: True
theta: 0.36  num of samples: 821  num of true: 330  result: True
theta: 0.37  num of samples: 1112  num of true: 433  result: True
Over maximum repeat: 2000
theta: 0.38  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 758  result: False
Over maximum repeat: 2000
theta: 0.39  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 798  result: False
theta: 0.40  num of samples: 1087  num of true: 465  result: True
Over maximum repeat: 2000
theta: 0.41  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 795  result: False
theta: 0.42  num of samples: 886  num of true: 336  result: False
theta: 0.43  num of samples: 677  num of true: 255  result: False
Over maximum repeat: 2000
theta: 0.44  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 849  result: False
theta: 0.45  num of samples: 835  num of true: 339  result: False
theta: 0.46  num of samples: 408  num of true: 151  result: False
theta: 0.47  num of samples: 344  num of true: 125  result: False
theta: 0.48  num of samples: 417  num of true: 163  result: False
theta: 0.49  num of samples: 363  num of true: 141  result: False
theta: 0.50  num of samples: 398  num of true: 162  result: False
theta: 0.51  num of samples: 279  num of true: 105  result: False
theta: 0.52  num of samples: 292  num of true: 115  result: False
theta: 0.53  num of samples: 187  num of true: 62  result: False
theta: 0.54  num of samples: 274  num of true: 111  result: False
theta: 0.55  num of samples: 169  num of true: 56  result: False
theta: 0.56  num of samples: 263  num of true: 111  result: False
theta: 0.57  num of samples: 194  num of true: 74  result: False
theta: 0.58  num of samples: 180  num of true: 68  result: False
theta: 0.59  num of samples: 152  num of true: 54  result: False
theta: 0.60  num of samples: 174  num of true: 69  result: False
theta: 0.61  num of samples: 155  num of true: 59  result: False
theta: 0.62  num of samples: 126  num of true: 43  result: False
theta: 0.63  num of samples: 185  num of true: 82  result: False
theta: 0.64  num of samples: 99  num of true: 29  result: False
theta: 0.65  num of samples: 150  num of true: 64  result: False
theta: 0.66  num of samples: 119  num of true: 45  result: False
theta: 0.67  num of samples: 98  num of true: 33  result: False
theta: 0.68  num of samples: 112  num of true: 44  result: False
theta: 0.69  num of samples: 129  num of true: 57  result: False
theta: 0.70  num of samples: 80  num of true: 25  result: False
theta: 0.71  num of samples: 133  num of true: 64  result: False
theta: 0.72  num of samples: 82  num of true: 29  result: False
theta: 0.73  num of samples: 81  num of true: 30  result: False
theta: 0.74  num of samples: 73  num of true: 25  result: False
theta: 0.75  num of samples: 75  num of true: 28  result: False
theta: 0.76  num of samples: 77  num of true: 31  result: False
theta: 0.77  num of samples: 67  num of true: 25  result: False
theta: 0.78  num of samples: 59  num of true: 20  result: False
theta: 0.79  num of samples: 57  num of true: 20  result: False
theta: 0.80  num of samples: 60  num of true: 24  result: False
theta: 0.81  num of samples: 57  num of true: 23  result: False
theta: 0.82  num of samples: 48  num of true: 17  result: False
theta: 0.83  num of samples: 51  num of true: 21  result: False
theta: 0.84  num of samples: 49  num of true: 21  result: False
theta: 0.85  num of samples: 46  num of true: 20  result: False
theta: 0.86  num of samples: 44  num of true: 20  result: False
theta: 0.87  num of samples: 32  num of true: 11  result: False
theta: 0.88  num of samples: 29  num of true: 10  result: False
theta: 0.89  num of samples: 30  num of true: 12  result: False
theta: 0.90  num of samples: 32  num of true: 15  result: False
theta: 0.91  num of samples: 30  num of true: 15  result: False
theta: 0.92  num of samples: 24  num of true: 11  result: False
theta: 0.93  num of samples: 19  num of true: 8  result: False
theta: 0.94  num of samples: 11  num of true: 2  result: False
theta: 0.95  num of samples: 15  num of true: 7  result: False
theta: 0.96  num of samples: 10  num of true: 4  result: False
theta: 0.97  num of samples: 12  num of true: 7  result: False
theta: 0.98  num of samples: 12  num of true: 9  result: False
theta: 0.99  num of samples: 2  num of true: 1  result: False
