theta: 0.01  num of samples: 3  num of true: 1  result: True
theta: 0.02  num of samples: 6  num of true: 3  result: True
theta: 0.03  num of samples: 15  num of true: 5  result: True
theta: 0.04  num of samples: 14  num of true: 7  result: True
theta: 0.05  num of samples: 17  num of true: 8  result: True
theta: 0.06  num of samples: 25  num of true: 10  result: True
theta: 0.07  num of samples: 29  num of true: 12  result: True
theta: 0.08  num of samples: 51  num of true: 15  result: True
theta: 0.09  num of samples: 32  num of true: 15  result: True
theta: 0.10  num of samples: 50  num of true: 19  result: True
theta: 0.11  num of samples: 31  num of true: 18  result: True
theta: 0.12  num of samples: 58  num of true: 23  result: True
theta: 0.13  num of samples: 70  num of true: 26  result: True
theta: 0.14  num of samples: 98  num of true: 32  result: True
theta: 0.15  num of samples: 106  num of true: 35  result: True
theta: 0.16  num of samples: 60  num of true: 30  result: True
theta: 0.17  num of samples: 58  num of true: 31  result: True
theta: 0.18  num of samples: 109  num of true: 42  result: True
theta: 0.19  num of samples: 127  num of true: 47  result: True
theta: 0.20  num of samples: 140  num of true: 52  result: True
theta: 0.21  num of samples: 192  num of true: 65  result: True
theta: 0.22  num of samples: 111  num of true: 50  result: True
theta: 0.23  num of samples: 112  num of true: 52  result: True
theta: 0.24  num of samples: 107  num of true: 53  result: True
theta: 0.25  num of samples: 153  num of true: 66  result: True
theta: 0.26  num of samples: 213  num of true: 84  result: True
theta: 0.27  num of samples: 231  num of true: 92  result: True
theta: 0.28  num of samples: 168  num of true: 77  result: True
theta: 0.29  num of samples: 247  num of true: 102  result: True
theta: 0.30  num of samples: 555  num of true: 198  result: True
theta: 0.31  num of samples: 198  num of true: 93  result: True
theta: 0.32  num of samples: 355  num of true: 146  result: True
theta: 0.33  num of samples: 634  num of true: 242  result: True
theta: 0.34  num of samples: 394  num of true: 167  result: True
theta: 0.35  num of samples: 844  num of true: 329  result: True
theta: 0.36  num of samples: 1112  num of true: 430  result: True
theta: 0.37  num of samples: 723  num of true: 302  result: True
theta: 0.38  num of samples: 1111  num of true: 437  result: True
theta: 0.39  num of samples: 971  num of true: 414  result: True
Over maximum repeat: 2000
theta: 0.40  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 795  result: False
theta: 0.41  num of samples: 836  num of true: 307  result: False
Over maximum repeat: 2000
theta: 0.42  num of samples: 2000  num of true: 802  result: False
theta: 0.43  num of samples: 1033  num of true: 408  result: False
theta: 0.44  num of samples: 956  num of true: 384  result: False
theta: 0.45  num of samples: 786  num of true: 317  result: False
theta: 0.46  num of samples: 339  num of true: 119  result: False
theta: 0.47  num of samples: 557  num of true: 225  result: False
theta: 0.48  num of samples: 375  num of true: 143  result: False
theta: 0.49  num of samples: 561  num of true: 238  result: False
theta: 0.50  num of samples: 302  num of true: 114  result: False
theta: 0.51  num of samples: 359  num of true: 146  result: False
theta: 0.52  num of samples: 258  num of true: 97  result: False
theta: 0.53  num of samples: 294  num of true: 119  result: False
theta: 0.54  num of samples: 244  num of true: 95  result: False
theta: 0.55  num of samples: 192  num of true: 69  result: False
theta: 0.56  num of samples: 190  num of true: 70  result: False
theta: 0.57  num of samples: 243  num of true: 102  result: False
theta: 0.58  num of samples: 136  num of true: 43  result: False
theta: 0.59  num of samples: 159  num of true: 58  result: False
theta: 0.60  num of samples: 179  num of true: 72  result: False
theta: 0.61  num of samples: 194  num of true: 83  result: False
theta: 0.62  num of samples: 140  num of true: 52  result: False
theta: 0.63  num of samples: 104  num of true: 31  result: False
theta: 0.64  num of samples: 135  num of true: 52  result: False
theta: 0.65  num of samples: 132  num of true: 52  result: False
theta: 0.66  num of samples: 141  num of true: 60  result: False
theta: 0.67  num of samples: 140  num of true: 61  result: False
theta: 0.68  num of samples: 124  num of true: 52  result: False
theta: 0.69  num of samples: 90  num of true: 30  result: False
theta: 0.70  num of samples: 95  num of true: 35  result: False
theta: 0.71  num of samples: 94  num of true: 36  result: False
theta: 0.72  num of samples: 94  num of true: 38  result: False
theta: 0.73  num of samples: 90  num of true: 36  result: False
theta: 0.74  num of samples: 93  num of true: 40  result: False
theta: 0.75  num of samples: 83  num of true: 34  result: False
theta: 0.76  num of samples: 90  num of true: 41  result: False
theta: 0.77  num of samples: 73  num of true: 30  result: False
theta: 0.78  num of samples: 67  num of true: 27  result: False
theta: 0.79  num of samples: 69  num of true: 30  result: False
theta: 0.80  num of samples: 66  num of true: 29  result: False
theta: 0.81  num of samples: 61  num of true: 26  result: False
theta: 0.82  num of samples: 48  num of true: 17  result: False
theta: 0.83  num of samples: 50  num of true: 20  result: False
theta: 0.84  num of samples: 44  num of true: 17  result: False
theta: 0.85  num of samples: 32  num of true: 8  result: False
theta: 0.86  num of samples: 29  num of true: 7  result: False
theta: 0.87  num of samples: 29  num of true: 8  result: False
theta: 0.88  num of samples: 28  num of true: 9  result: False
theta: 0.89  num of samples: 25  num of true: 7  result: False
theta: 0.90  num of samples: 26  num of true: 10  result: False
theta: 0.91  num of samples: 32  num of true: 17  result: False
theta: 0.92  num of samples: 18  num of true: 5  result: False
theta: 0.93  num of samples: 19  num of true: 8  result: False
theta: 0.94  num of samples: 16  num of true: 6  result: False
theta: 0.95  num of samples: 9  num of true: 1  result: False
theta: 0.96  num of samples: 9  num of true: 3  result: False
theta: 0.97  num of samples: 9  num of true: 4  result: False
theta: 0.98  num of samples: 11  num of true: 8  result: False
theta: 0.99  num of samples: 2  num of true: 1  result: False
Probability: about 40.0 %
